database/README.md, before:

# Database Module

This is a **self-contained database module** that can be developed and tested independently.

## 📁 Structure

```
database_module/
├── database.py          # Original database implementation
├── config.py           # Database configuration  
├── interface.py        # Clean interface for other modules
├── test_database.py    # Comprehensive tests
├── __init__.py         # Module initialization
└── README.md          # This file
```

## 🔧 Usage

### For Other Modules:
```python
from database_module import database_service

# Add memory
database_service.add_memory("user123", "I like pizza")

# Query memories  
results = database_service.query_memories("user123", "food")
```

### For Development:
```bash
# Run tests
python test_database.py

# Test individual components
python database.py      # Test core database
python interface.py     # Test interface
```

## 🧪 Testing

Run comprehensive tests:
```bash
cd database_module
python test_database.py
```

This tests:
- ✅ Configuration loading
- ✅ Database operations (mocked)
- ✅ Interface functionality  
- ✅ Integration tests (if API keys available)

## 🔄 Development Workflow

1. **Work on this branch**: `feature/database`
2. **Make improvements**: Modify any files in this folder
3. **Test thoroughly**: `python test_database.py`
4. **Commit changes**: All database changes in one commit
5. **Merge to develop**: Only when all tests pass

## 🎯 Independence

This module is **completely isolated**:
- ✅ No dependencies on other feature branches
- ✅ Self-contained configuration
- ✅ Independent testing
- ✅ Clean interface for other modules

You can improve this module without affecting any other features!

Commit message:

add branching strategy and executive summaries to all READMEs
- create BRANCHING.md with explicit rules for syncing feature branches with develop
- add rule: sync all feature branches within 24h of develop updates
- add executive summaries to agents.md and all module READMEs
- summaries include: what the module does, why it exists, and agent instructions
- clarify monochrome UX aesthetic requirements in frontend README
- document timestamp requirements for database operations

Co-authored-by: factory-droid[bot] <138933559+factory-droid[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

database/README.md, after:

# Database Module

## Executive Summary
**What**: Vector database integration (Pinecone) for memory storage with timestamps. **Why**: Enable semantic search of user memories with temporal context. **Agent Instructions**: Always add timestamps to memories, use lazy-loaded model/index for performance, sync with develop before PRs.

This is a **self-contained database module** that can be developed and tested independently.

## 📁 Structure

```
database_module/
├── database.py          # Original database implementation
├── config.py           # Database configuration  
├── interface.py        # Clean interface for other modules
├── test_database.py    # Comprehensive tests
├── __init__.py         # Module initialization
└── README.md          # This file
```

## 🔧 Usage

### For Other Modules:
```python
from database_module import database_service

# Add memory
database_service.add_memory("user123", "I like pizza")

# Query memories  
results = database_service.query_memories("user123", "food")
```

### For Development:
```bash
# Run tests
python test_database.py

# Test individual components
python database.py      # Test core database
python interface.py     # Test interface
```

## 🧪 Testing

Run comprehensive tests:
```bash
cd database_module
python test_database.py
```

This tests:
- ✅ Configuration loading
- ✅ Database operations (mocked)
- ✅ Interface functionality  
- ✅ Integration tests (if API keys available)

## 🔄 Development Workflow

1. **Work on this branch**: `feature/database`
2. **Make improvements**: Modify any files in this folder
3. **Test thoroughly**: `python test_database.py`
4. **Commit changes**: All database changes in one commit
5. **Merge to develop**: Only when all tests pass

## 🎯 Independence

This module is **completely isolated**:
- ✅ No dependencies on other feature branches
- ✅ Self-contained configuration
- ✅ Independent testing
- ✅ Clean interface for other modules

You can improve this module without affecting any other features!
